*vim-voicecode.txt* A short multi line description of your plugin

===============================================================================
CONTENTS                                                        *vim-voicecode*

    1. Intro ............................................ |vim-voicecode-intro|
    2. Requirements .............................. |vim-voicecode-requirements|
    3. Usage ............................................ |vim-voicecode-usage|
    4. Licence ........................................ |vim-voicecode-licence|
===============================================================================
1. Intro                                                  *vim-voicecode-intro*

A Vim plug-in that allows interfacing with VoiceCode by communicating the
current mode to the VoiceCode api. This plug-in works in conjunction with
[vim](https://github.com/VoiceCode/vim) to extend the stock VoiceCode commands
to work consistently inside terminal Vim.

2. Requirements                                    *vim-voicecode-requirements*

You need a VIM version that was compiled with python support, which is typical
for most distributions on Linux/Mac.  You can check this by running
``vim --version | grep +python``
if you get a hit you are in business.

Although it is not required it is suggested that you also use https://github.com/VoiceCode/vim
which will allow you to use all of the stock VoiceCode commands.

3. Usage                                                  *vim-voicecode-usage*

This plug-in performs all the actions in the background requiring no
interaction from the user.

4. Licence                                              *vim-voicecode-licence*

The MIT License (MIT)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


vim:ft=help
